SPEAKER’S BIO

We are team of 3 working as a Software developer at JP Morgan Chase & Co. Through research and various projects we have developed subject matter expertise in field of Natural Language Processing. Our team: 

Rashi Laddha is a Gold Medallist for B. Tech in Computer Science & Engineering from NIT Nagpur. Recently worked on developing a contextual domain specific chatbot as part of thesis and is also working on providing technical solution for NGO – Indian Development Foundation to develop crowd funding platform. 

Divyani Mittal is a Computer Science Graduate from NIT Surat. Recently have two research paper published in Procedia Science Direct and kybernetes based on ranking and recommending Social Influencers for Smart City. Prior to joining JP Morgan, have won first prize for Open Data Gov Hackathon and was selected for InOut 4.0 and Linkedin’s Women Winter Hack from across the country.
Has also volunteered to work for NGO – Trishul to provide software solutions for expanding their mission of Women Empowerment.

Subodh Raturi is serving as Vice President in JP Morgan Chase & Co and has 18 years of experience in software industry also being BE and MBA graduate. Has a post graduate diploma in Advanced Computing from CDAC. Recently has been working in the field of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning as part of post graduate program.

Apart from developing, all of us like spending time with family & friends, helping others to explore to grow in their lives.

GHCI 2020 Natural Language processing
Workshop Summary – 
Google Drive (GHCI 2020 workshop deck and videos):
Github Repo:
https://github.com/HelloDivyani/GHCI2020-NLP-Workshop

REFERENCES/ BIBLIOGRAPHY

[1]  Assane Wade and Giovanna Di MarzoSerugendo. A model of extracting patterns in social network data using topic modelling, sentiment analysis and graph database. Centre Universitaire d’Informatique, page 1–10.

[2]  To  understand CBOW and skip gram: https://medium.com/data-science-group-iitr/word-embedding-2d05d270b285 

[3] Shan Jiang and ChengXiang Zhai. Random walks on adjacency graphs for mining lexical relations from big text data. IEEE International Conference on Big Data, pages 1–6, 2014.

[4] Prajakta Yerpude, Rashmi Jakhotiya, and Manoj Chanda. Algorithm for text to graph conversion and summarizing using nlp: A new approach for business solutions. International Journal on Natural Language Computing (IJNLC), 4, 2015.

[5]  Rada Mihalcea and Paul Tarau. Textrank: Bringing order into text. AssociationforComputationalLinguistics, page 8, 2004.
